# Disclaimer

In case of discrepancies, the German version shall prevail.

DFX shall not be liable for any indirect or direct loss or damage of any kind that may arise from access to or use of any products provided by DFX, including without limitation DFX Wallet, or information, or from the inability to access or use said information and products. In particular, it is expressly stated that in no event shall DFX be liable for any loss or damage caused by technical or other errors, transmission failures, system overloads, usage problems, interruptions of services (including but not limited to system maintenance services), delays in the transmission of information, incompatibility between the Website and files and/or software (in particular browsers) and/or computers on the part of the Customer, malfunctions, interference, the transmission of a virus to your computer, unauthorized access (e.g. by hacking or piracy), the intentional blocking of telecommunications tools or networks (e.g. by mail bombing, denial of service attacks) or other failures or inadequacies. e.g., through hacking or piracy), the intentional blocking of telecommunications tools or networks (e.g., through mail bombing, denial-of-service attacks), or other failures or inadequacies on the part of telecommunications or network service providers. Customers acknowledge and agree that DFX's services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.

Furthermore, DFX disclaims any liability in connection with the app functionalities. It is explicitly stated that DFX offers its service on an open-source software (publicly available software free of charge) whose functions are neither controlled nor operated by DFX. In particular, DFX does not operate any wallets or related licenses, but it only offers the code (software), therefore DFX fully disclaims any liability related thereto, of which the Customer explicitly acknowledges. The use of DFX financial services is not linked to the use of the DFX Wallet. Customers can determine for themselves which wallet they use to access DFX financial services and which wallet they use to store digiatel assets. When using the DFX Wallet, the customer owns the wallet itself, controls this wallet itself and therefore also bears full responsibility. DFX has no control over customer wallets. The use of DFX software, such as the DFX Wallet, does not constitute a business relationship as the user of this software operates it independently and there are no dependencies for the operation of the software to DFX.
